[GLOSSARY] zero link (#427)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/glossary/Glossary.md

Wasabikas are essentially builders and users of Wasabi in general.
:::

:::details
### ZeroLink

> ZeroLink is a framework to holistically design a privacy and fungibility setup for Bitcoin.

Reviewer: Maybe use the word `completely` instead of `holistically`?

Author: complete would suggest it's finished, while holistically says it is all encompassing.

> This encompasses more than just a single CoinJoin transaction, but also includes network level privacy defends against third parties spying.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This encompasses more than just a single CoinJoin transaction, but also includes network level privacy defense against third party spying.
```
